Promote use of GenerateDocumentationFile over DocumentationFile (#30135)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/compiler-options/output.md

| MSBuild | *csc.exe* | Description |
|---|---|---|
| **GenerateDocumentationFile** | `-doc:` | Generate XML doc file from `///` comments. |
| **OutputAssembly** | `-out:` | Specify the output assembly file. |
| **PlatformTarget** | `-platform:` | Specify the target platform CPU. |
| **ProduceReferenceAssembly** | `-refout:` | Generate a reference assembly. |
| **TargetType** | `-target:` | Specify the type of the output assembly. |

## GenerateDocumentationFile

The **GenerateDocumentationFile** option generates an XML file containing the documentation comments from the source code files of the compilation. This file allows consumers of your binaries to read API-level documentation directly in their IDE. To learn more about documenting your code, see [Recommended Tags for Documentation Comments](../xmldoc/recommended-tags.md).

The easiest way to enable this for your project is via the `GenerateDocumentationFile` property:

```xml
<GenerateDocumentationFile>true</GenerateDocumentationFile>
```

> By default, the documentation file shared the name of the assembly it is documenting, with the `.dll` extension substituted for `.xml`. In the rare case that you need to customise the documentation file's path, you can use `<DocumentationFile>` to override the default path.

Author: ```suggestion
By default, the documentation file shares the name of the assembly it is documenting, with the `.dll` extension substituted for `.xml`. In the rare case that you need to customise the documentation file's path, you can use the `<DocumentationFile>` property to override the default path.
```
